docs: Adds Tutor as a supported installation method (#1952)
edx/edx-documentation: en_us/install_operations/source/installation/index.rst

#############################################
Installing and Starting the Open edX Platform
#############################################

This section provides information about options for installing and
starting the Open edX platform.

We've tried to simplify the installation by providing a small number of
options, prepackaged to varying degrees. Before installing Open edX, you have
two decisions to make:

* **Version**: What version of the code do you want?
* **Method**: How do you want to install it?

*******************
1. Choose a version
*******************

There are two possibilities for the version to install:

* **Master** is the latest version of the code, newer even than what is running
  on edx.org.
* A **Release** is a version of the code marked and tested for wide use.  These
  are named alphabetically for trees: Juniper, Koa, Lilac, etc.

You should choose master only if you will be modifying the code and
contributing it back, or if you need a feature or fix that is newer than the
latest Open edX release.  If you aren't planning to contribute changes, and you
don't need the absolute latest code, use the latest official Open edX release.

> Details of the releases are at the `Open edX Releases Wiki Page`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details of the releases are on the `Open edX Named Releases page`_.
```

Reviewer: And also apply this patch:
```
diff --git a/en_us/links/links.rst b/en_us/links/links.rst
index e0d9d6da..64e6ca6d 100644
--- a/en_us/links/links.rst
+++ b/en_us/links/links.rst
@@ -230,6 +230,8 @@
 
 .. _Open edX Releases Wiki page: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OpenOPS/pages/11108700/Open+edX+Releases
 
+.. _Open edX Named Releases page: https://edx.readthedocs.io/projects/edx-developer-docs/en/latest/named_releases.html
+
 .. _Release Pages: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=12550314
 
 .. _Open edX Installation options: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/x/wwCXAw
```
